vRO Knative VEBA Function (#720)
vmware-samples/vcenter-event-broker-appliance: examples/knative/python/kn-py-vro/README.md

- [Step 2 - Test](#step-2---test)
- [Step 3 - Deploy](#step-3---deploy)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Push container image to registry](#push-container-image-to-registry)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Deploy](#deploy)
- [Step 4 - Undeploy](#step-4---undeploy)
- [vRO Workflow](#vro-workflow)
- [Configuration](#configuration-1)
  - [vRO Workflow ID](#vro-workflow-id)
  - [OAUTH via VMWare Cloud Services Console - for CEXP](#oauth-via-vmware-cloud-services-console---for-cexp)

# Overview
This is an example Python function with `Flask` REST API running in Knative to trigger a vRealize Orchestrator (vRO) workflow using the parameters of an event submitted by the [VEBA](https://vmweventbroker.io/) (VMware Event Broker) services.

The Cloud Event parameters are converted in to native vRO datatypes wherever possible, including vCenter SDK Managed Objects, and passed as inputs to a defined vRO Workflow.

The function code not only demonstrates a number of techniques (such as creating persistent OAUTH sessions, and the vRO workflow API), but is generic enough to be usable in a multitude of scenario's out-of-the-box.

> > **Note:** Only Cloud Event payload ("*data*") in JSON format is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Only CloudEvent payload (`data`) in JSON format is supported.
```

# Step 1 - Build with `pack`

> **Note:** If you do not plan to edit the function behavior, you can go directly to [Step 3 - Deploy](#step-3---deploy) part of this document.

[Buildpacks](https://buildpacks.io) are used to create the container image.

Requirements:

- `pack` (see: https://buildpacks.io/docs/app-developer-guide/)
- Docker

```bash

> export IMAGE=<docker-username>/kn-py-vro
> pack build --builder gcr.io/buildpacks/builder:v1 ${IMAGE}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export IMAGE=<docker-username>/kn-py-vro:1.0
pack build --builder gcr.io/buildpacks/builder:v1 ${IMAGE}
```

```

# Step 2 - Test

1. Edit the content of `kn-py-vro_secret.json` to configure the following settings (see [Configuration](#configuration) below for details):

    ```json
    {
        "SERVER": "VRO_FQDN_OR_IP",
        "PORT": 443,
        "AUTH_TYPE": "BASIC/OAUTH",
        "USERNAME": "VRO_USERNAME",
        "PASSWORD": "VRO_PASSWORD",
        "REFRESH_TOKEN": "VRAC_ONLY",
        "INSECURE_SSL": false,
        "WORKFLOW_ID": "VRO_WORKFLOW_ID"
    }
    ```

2. Run a local container based on the `${IMAGE}` image or the one you just built.

    ```bash

>     docker run -e PORT=8080 -it --rm -p 8080:8080 --env VCCONFIG_SECRET="$(cat kn-py-vm-attr_secret.json)" ${IMAGE}

Reviewer: nit: would that work on windows (`cat`)?

Author: "Who uses windows!?" - oh wait, me right now! I'll fix.

I based this on the kn-py-vm-attr function - we should fix a few bits in there too. Should I raise an issue?

    ...
    
    2021-11-22 11:36:35,897 INFO handler Thread-3 : Workflow Token 006664b9-3bf1-4a74-9366-cebc2ece4701: running
    172.17.0.1 - - [22/Nov/2021 11:36:35] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 202 -
    2021-11-22 11:36:35,898 INFO werkzeug Thread-3 : 172.17.0.1 - - [22/Nov/2021 11:36:35] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 202 -
    ```

# Step 3 - Deploy

## Prerequisites

You need:

* A deployed VEBA instance (K8s or appliance based)

> * A deployed Knative setup

Reviewer: nit: redundant since VEBA has Knative
